listen we recently covered you should
have left and many of you
agreed with that title but here we have
another airbnb movie called the rental
which
i personally think is a decent rent it
and it's fitting that it's dave
frankel's directorial debut since that's
exactly what he was paid in in his first
job was at a mom-and-pop video store
when i was 14. it was actually illegal
for me to be working there at that age
and so they essentially paid me by
allowing me to take home as many movies
as i wanted
and so that became my film school it
starts his wife alison brie
alongside sheila van dan stevens and lip
and it's one of those that won't leave
you wondering if there's cameras in your
airbnb
it'll have you asking where i still use
airbnb and i actually stayed in an
airbnb
while filming this movie let me explain
would have been extra creepy if that
worked so franco co wrote this with joe
swanberg who he worked with on easy and
he clearly paid attention while he was
on that show
it's definitely more of a relationship
drama caught up in a horror movie which
i personally enjoy
but for genre fans it is also shot by
the same guy who did a couple episodes
of atlanta
specifically teddy perkins i work with a
friend of mine he's a rapper rap
there's a funny one and he also shot
briggs bear which i always plug when i
get the chance so
full spoilers for the rental we follow
two brothers charlie and josh who go on
a couple's getaway at this remote airbnb
with their wife and girlfriend but
they're always either fighting verbally
physically or with each other's partners
yo
oh hey hi hey sorry am i interrupting
franco stated this was a very personal
film for him and that that's why
he chose to direct it instead of
starring in it like he was going to
originally
while i can't speak for their personal
stuff thank the lord it's better than
these that his brother did
plus he can boast he had the first drive
in premiere to me the most interesting
character was mina played by sheila van
who absolutely killed it and we the
animals
she's a ceo who works with charlie but
gets denied her airbnb
request for their getaway only for dan
stevens to get approved about an hour
later as someone who goes to sundance
every year
i've talked about how i experience this
i love utah but can't say the same back
for all of it meanwhile these dudes are
comfortable enough to bring a dog
nina how many places have you booked
through one
how many places have we booked three
but the worst part is when she confronts
a guy and like
nothing is more dismissive than having
friends who don't stand for you at all
and you're smashing two of them
unfortunately without your key card i
cannot give you a towel
hotel policy are you serious because the
white people that just left did not need
to show a key card
um you don't think i experienced racism
i do
and it sucks but how i react to it is my
choice
you don't have to give it so much power
wow in the beginning like after
argo and girl was like a lot of times
i'd get auditions that were like
please have her prepare it like in her
natural accent and in the american
accent i was just like
my natural life franco was in barry
jenkins if beale street could talk so
he's clearly playing off of the reverse
of his role there as a renter and i
think he does it successfully
as well as picking sure his cast was
well versed for their parts i also heard
that to prep for the movie that you did
molly
yes that is good that is true
for research we have to do it for
research
they get blasted and party but drugs
aren't enough to hide the fact that
charlie's a cheater who's
bitten off more than he can chew it
turns out his relationship with his wife
started off as an affair
and the one before that was also an
affair how he's currently in another
with his brother's girlfriend
she's you know i mean she's she's the
whole package
great and he hit the [ __ ] jackpot you
know it's bad when you go on a getaway
with your family
and you still can't help to try and get
away with other things
in fact when they find cameras posted up
around the house and in the shower
they don't call the cops because they
don't want their sex tape to leak and so
something else does instead
we talked about with control z how when
in times of need
nobody uses their cell phone because you
know writers are still getting used to
adapting their stories with all this
tech that's why a lot of horror movies
are struggling with it and
how to deal with the quickness of it and
the reason why we see so many callbacks
of the 80s and movies being set there
or you know they take it overseas so
that way they don't have to deal with
them but here
but i do not want to see my little
brother go to jail for the rest of his
life i thought it was pretty clever how
they write them out you know because
if they use them they'll get life and if
they don't they lose it
unbeknownst to them the host isn't a
serial murderer hunting them down
it's kind of a flip on thirsting cameras
and 14 cameras which also has a creepo
spying on people hosting them hostage
and even selling their pansies online
for those who feel they didn't get the
creeper they wanted in the rental uh
or rent this one instead it's a previous
host not the owner who sets up
everything
and is watching them according to
interviews he's kind of like a jigsaw
where he does it off morality
supposedly he had a whole monologue
describing it where it's insinuating
that he kills them once he sees the
wrongdoing
so i guess it confirms that the host was
alright how'd you get mixed up with this
family
then again unlike jigsaw there's no real
lesson
it's just some stranger who confronts
them with the truth and then slashes
them
obviously he goes after these two
because they're unfaithful but the first
person he kills is michelle who's meant
to be guilty because she never called
the cops when they were supposed to
so they would go my entire airbnb group
then there's dan stevens who by the end
of it
actually stops cheating because he's
dead i'm sorry let me explain let me
explain please
okay first off where did you find the
footage
i'm about to beat this [ __ ] up dude
really said i'm sorry
you had to see that where's the link
though that said he finally found the
one thing he couldn't cheat
the one person i would argue for is josh
since poor dude was dragged the entire
movie
all he was doing was defending his girl
and it was the killer who killed the
host and caused the chain reaction
he's a racist piece of [ __ ] who's
filming us in the shower
alright i didn't do anything wrong
not to mention he's already living with
enough pain in the recording you said
that can never happen again what were
you talking about
wow shameless but but i guess he did try
to dump a body
mina is the final girl who doesn't last
long considering she's running through
the woods looking like a damn
construction cone
but they didn't show her body so there's
a chance she may be in a sequel kind of
tapping into the mythology
of this villain a little bit more yeah
and
uh potentially taking it international i
can see how this can be the start of a
series where it's a killer who
looks to exploit the domestic issues of
people trying to get away
that way it's half a slasher half like
the movie nothing to hide
where the real story lies in the secrets
they're keeping from themselves
but he's definitely gonna have to expand
on the killer and it can't be as vague
in the sequels like it was here
like why was he storing things in a
place that wasn't his
jesus what what is it
i do we've seen several horror
franchises take things overseas and get
spin-offs so
considering how ambiguous this killer is
there could be multiple of them out
there
it's just a bunch of creepers who stay
in airbnbs set it up and then wait for
the next group to come in so they could
attack them
even though i feel like at some point
they'd connect at the same person as
staying in all these murder houses
in fact i'd love for the killer to set
up in a place and then it turns out that
the host
is also a killer and they just start
duking it out i think it is safe to say
that airbnb will not be sponsoring
this film in any way you know what's
crazy
and i don't know how much i can say but
we've at least had
talks with them about collaborating in a
certain way
bro airbnb is complicit it's definitely
becoming a sub-genre in and of itself
and
i think this was a decent addition you
know it's like keep watching but good
it's the open house but competent
honestly it all depends on how they
flesh out this killer and feed into the
paranoia of the airbnb
age that we're going through at the
moment but hey
you let the dog live and the lord knows
you can murder dozens in your movie but
as long as you let the pup live
audiences will be there thank you guys
for checking out this video i'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comment section
i think it's a solid debut from franco i
know it's not what everybody wants in a
horror slasher
film but i thought he surrounded himself
with a good cast and crew and i'm
curious to see where he goes
from there i like the fact that he had
also the editor from atlanta
and barry who also did kidding sean
durkin produced this and he's got a
couple movies that if you like this one
maybe up your alley
the composers have worked on some
masterpieces as well so i would
recommend those it's nothing too
crazy but i am curious if they turn this
into a franchise where it will go
since most of the bigger horror series
have simple beginnings that thrive
on a single fear that sticks with people
so i'm curious to see what'll happen
with it
other than that let me know your
theories down below where you would like
the franchise to go because
it's funny to think of it that it's
already going to be a franchise
obviously but
i'm curious to know your thoughts any
theories don't forget to comment like
and subscribe
and find someone who supports you like
these two do you know i would just get
in my head a little bit and i would have
some self-doubt
and she was always there just to build
me up and and just kind of bring my
confidence back up when i needed it
the thing i felt first was so glad that
i was gonna get to be there
for him for his first time directing
like just
to witness it i've obviously known how
talented she
is over the years um but being in a
position where i was able to
just be on the other side of the camera
and really watch everything she's doing
uh she's one of the best do you want me
to call you dave
on set when we're around the actors he
was like could you call me
david franco